---
layout: post
title: That's Why We Go!
author: Titus Barnes
categories:
image: 
featured: false
---
I am in a really unique season of life right now. I work at a Southern Baptist seminary as the administrative assistant in the Missions Center, which means I am constantly making connections with missionaries and denominational partners (I am a Southern Baptist and I work at a Southern Baptist institution). Sometimes through these connections with missionaries I reveal my lack of understanding when it comes to missions, or perhaps just my general naivety. Today was one of those times.

Our office has partnered with the IMB (International Mission Board) to recruit and appoint a MAG role to work in our office. A MAG (Missionary Assigned Globally) is a missionary who comes back to the States and works on sight at one of the SBC seminaries to help students take steps towards becoming international missionaries with the IMB. Our MAG role is named Rick, and he has been a great encouragement and counselor to me in many ways. Today, we had lunch together, and I said to him, "One of the things I worry about most when I think about going overseas is not having a local church. I really lean on my church here, and I don't know what I would do without that community. What does church community look like as a missionary?"

Now, some of you might hear this and think, "That's a valid question." And I appreciate that. However, others of you already see the problem with my inquiry. Because, initially, I thought it was a really valid question, and perhaps it is, but Rick's answer challenged me to question the heart posture behind that question. I can't remember exactly the way he said it, but I remember exactly how it made me feel, so I will try to reconstruct his words as best I can. "Well, that depends on where you go," he replied, "But here's the thing, a lot of the places you could be sent as a missionary do not have churches or believers - that's why you're there! That's the problem. That's exactly why we go."

His words caused me to step back and really think about the question I was asking. Of course, it is not at all wrong to deeply love and desire to have church community surrounding me. Indeed, that is a good and right thing. In fact, I would argue that is the attitude every Christian should have. Over and again in Scripture, we are told that Christians are identifiable by the way they love one another and that the test of salvation is if a person loves his brothers and sisters in Christ. However, the question I was asking answers itself. "I feel like I should go overseas to share the gospel in places where there are no believers, but what if I can't find a local church?" When I thought about it this way, I felt pretty silly.  It is absolutely alright to admit that I will really miss having a large community of believers surrounding me, but the very reason I feel called to go overseas is because there are people in other countries who have never heard the name of Jesus.

So, now I have to ask myself another question, "Am I willing to, in a drastic way, step out of what is typically desirable and comfortable in order to tell people the good news about Jesus?" A question that was initially intended to gain some information about missionary life turned into a moment of self-evaluation. What am I really willing to give for the kingdom of God? And do I trust that God will supply every one of my needs as I seek to serve Him in difficult places?

I am reminded of Jesus' words to the worrisome people who were listening to His profound and challenging sermon on the mountain. "Therefore do not be anxious saying, 'What shall we eat?' or 'What shall we drink?' or 'What shall we wear?' For the Gentiles seek after all these things, and your heavenly Father knows that you need them all. But seek first the kingdom of God and His righteousness, and all these things will be added to you. Therefore do not be anxious about tomorrow, for tomorrow will be anxious for itself. Sufficient for the day is its own trouble" (Matthew 6:31-34). He is trustworthy. He is a good Father. He will supply everything we truly need to serve Him faithfully. Where the Lord leads, the Lord provides, the Lord guides, and the Lord has already been. And that's why we can go boldly to do His will. Because He will supply, and He is with us.
